README.md, before:

### Hi! I'm Gorka 👋

I'm a Software Developer and Engineering Manager working remotely from the beautiful city of [Vitoria-Gasteiz](https://www.vitoria-gasteiz.org/we001/was/we001Action.do?idioma=en&accionWe001=ficha&accion=turismo).

I've worked for some startups like [Trovit](https://trovit.com) and [Ulabox](https://ulabox.com) in the past, as a developer and lead. I've also worked for [ThoughtWorks Spain](https://www.thoughtworks.com/locations/spain) as a Senior Consultant, where I had the chance to become a [Site Reliability Engineer (SRE)](https://landing.google.com/sre/) engaged in the observability of a project with hundreds of microservices running on AWS. I also worked as Head of Software for [Betika](https://www.betika.com/).

I've built things with Elixir, PHP, Java, Python, Go, Ruby, Javascript... and anything in between. I'm also an organiser for the [Google Developer Group of Vitoria](https://www.meetup.com/es-ES/GDG-Vitoria/) and [give some talks](https://speakerdeck.com/gorkaio/site-reliability-engineering) from time to time. And while I like building things... most of all, I like building healthy and motivated teams that build incredible things by themselves! 🚀

I believe sharing, teaching and mentoring others is the best way to give back to the community, so if you think I can help you with anything just get in touch with me and I'll do my best to help 😊

If you want to know a little more about me, head over to [my blog (in Spanish)](https://gorka.io) or [follow me on Twitter](https://twitter.com/gorkaio).

Commit message:

Back to Thoughtworks
Updating README with back to TW information.

README.md, after:

### Hi! I'm Gorka 👋

I'm a Software Developer and Engineering Manager working remotely from the beautiful city of [Vitoria-Gasteiz](https://www.vitoria-gasteiz.org/we001/was/we001Action.do?idioma=en&accionWe001=ficha&accion=turismo).

I've worked for some startups like [Trovit](https://trovit.com) and [Ulabox](https://ulabox.com) in the past, as a developer and lead. I've also worked for [ThoughtWorks Spain](https://www.thoughtworks.com/locations/spain) as a Senior Consultant, where I had the chance to become a [Site Reliability Engineer (SRE)](https://landing.google.com/sre/) engaged in the observability of a project with hundreds of microservices running on AWS. I also worked as Head of Software for [Betika](https://www.betika.com/), before coming back to Thoughtworks as a Lead Consultant.

I've built things with Elixir, PHP, Java, Python, Go, Ruby, Javascript... and anything in between. I've also been an organiser for the [Google Developer Group of Vitoria](https://www.meetup.com/es-ES/GDG-Vitoria/) and [given some talks](https://speakerdeck.com/gorkaio/site-reliability-engineering) from time to time. And while I like building things... most of all, I like building healthy and motivated teams that build incredible things by themselves! 🚀

I believe sharing, teaching and mentoring others is the best way to give back to the community, so if you think I can help you with anything just get in touch with me and I'll do my best to help 😊

If you want to know a little more about me, head over to [my blog (in Spanish)](https://gorka.io) or [follow me on Twitter](https://twitter.com/gorkaio).
